If you really soak me
How are your legs?
I don't know. Never tried.
But if you want to.
I will do my best.
Oh no I will risk my life to cooperate with you
Sorry, sorry.
You take this joke too seriously.
I'm not kidding.
I'm serious.
I can't even give my life for you
This disabled little comrade
It's really hard for you
It's a pity you paid the wrong heart
I Ye Linhan
Don't you play music?
I don't play the piano either
My name is Chen Bufan.
I want you to be mine
OK
I lost a jade pendant containing a phoenix bird
If you find it, I'll be there
This number is serious.
If I really find that jade pendant
You will marry me immediately
It's ok.
How?
If sometimes
Destroy
Okay, go find it
Maybe.
You can really find some happiness by looking for ten or eight years
intentional beauty
See it and never forget it
Not seen for a day
madness
Fengfei soars
Seeking Phoenix from All Over the World
Li Lianhan
You are my wife now
My jade pendant
Why are you here?